Create a separate table in the database, e.g. "Radicals" consisting of all radicals in the Chinese language. This list can be taken from this link https://www.archchinese.com/arch_chinese_radicals.html. The table with chinese characters should have a column with a foreign key, i.e. radicalIndex, referring to this table. 
The "Radicals" table should have the following columns: index, the radical itself in traditional Chinese, the radical in simplified Chinese, the pinyin, the numbered pinyin, a reference to an alternative form of this radical (this reference is to an index in the same table), e.g. in the character 還 the radical is “chuo4” 辵 and the alternative form is 辶. There should be another column in this table named "MainIndex", where the value is 1 if there is only one form of this radical, and if there are several forms, as in the previous example, one radical should have value 1, and the other 2, and analogously 3 or 4 if there are more alternate forms. 

At the test for radicals, there are some radicals where the pronuciation is "unknown". "unknown" should never appear. please fix this. 

At the test for radicals, if the user makes a mistake, this should be reflected in the user's mastery of characters, i.e. the symbol for "radical mastered" should grey again, and of course this result should be reflected in the database as well. 
Setting the of the test still has a UX problem. There is by default a zero, but I cannot delete this zero. 
The numbered pin in the test of the reading and radicals does not work. In the case of "學“ for example, I can either write "xue" or "xue2" and both are accepted, while in fact only the latter is correct. 

Put the bar with options for three views (daily, standard, test) which is at the bottom right now, at the top. 

Some characters cannot be found, such as "麵", in the search view.

On mobile, the filtering in the "Standard view" should be at the top. 

Whenever I click on a filter, such as "HSK 1" it immediately starts refreshing. It should, however, only refresh after I click on a button, "Filter results".  

Progress does not automatically update when the user has indicated that he has mastered a number of characters. Progress should be automatically updated when the user masters all three categories of a character, i.e. reading, writing. 

In the test of writing there should be a button "skip" and a button "mastered" and a button "show answer". If the user clicks on "mastered" this result will be processed in the user's progress. 

At the test of writing, there is a character "他“ which is romanized as $ta^{\bar}$, but which should $t\bar{a}$. 

when a set of filters is active in the standard view, when the user drags down the screen from the top and refreshes the screen, the filters should remain active. 